feat: add custom extension, minor fixes. (#17)
tlsnotary/website: docs/protocol/custom_extension.md

---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# Custom Extensions

> Notary attestations can be extended with custom fields defined by the `Prover`. This allows applications to attach additional data to attestations in a verifiable way. For now, the `Notary` simply includes these fields in the signed attestation without validation. In the future, a plugin system will allow developers to add custom logic to the `Notary` for verifying this data. Until then, such validation requires modifying the Notary code directly.

Reviewer: This is the introduction. So it is OK to give a preview of what is coming later in the document.

```suggestion
Notary attestations can be extended with custom fields defined by the `Prover` or the `Notary`. This allows applications to attach additional data to attestations in a verifiable way.

For now, the default notary server implementation simply includes these fields in the signed attestation without validation. In the future, a plugin system will allow developers to add custom logic to the notary server for verifying this data. Until then, such validation requires a custom implementation of the Notary API.
```

Author: 1st paragraph looks good. 2nd one can be simplified I think, i.e.

`
For now, the default notary server implementation only supports including custom data requested by the Prover in the attestation without any validation. In the future, a plugin system will allow developers to add custom logic to the notary server for adding or validating these data.
`

Reviewer: 👍
